DOCS-128 - Clean up screenshots for Cloud SIEM (#3990)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/cse/administration/create-use-network-blocks.md

When Cloud SIEM looks for the Network Block address `10.128.0.1`, it will return the more-specific block, "WebServer IPs".

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/overlapping-network-blocks.png')} alt="Overlapping network blocks" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="400"/>

## Create a Network Block manually

Follow these instructions to create a Network Block using the Cloud SIEM UI. For information about creating multiple Network Blocks by file upload, see [Upload a CSV file of Network Blocks](#upload-a-csv-file-of-network-blocks).

> 1. Click **Content** in the top menu and select **Network Blocks**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the top menu, click **Content** and then select **Network Blocks**. 
```
